hi welcome to part 4 of game theory and
Breaking Bad the scene we're going to
discuss is breakage the set up to the
scene is that jesse is short on some
money because two drug addicts have
stolen from one of his dealers in his
meeting with Walt he tries to play off
the loss of money is not a big deal but
Walt explains why it's very important
they have to take this seriously and why
they have to retaliate so here's a scene
you
so let's discuss the scene the important
part is that you see a very big
difference in how Jesse and Walt think
about the problem Jesse thinks that the
loss of product is breakage and he
compares it to the loss of merchandise
in Kmart but this is another example of
how jesse is stuck in a static decision
theory framework Walt thinks about the
game theory it's not about the money
in fact he throws the money right back
at Jesse he explains it's all a game of
reputation once the word gets out that
Jesse is someone that can be stolen from
everyone's going to try and do this
it'll be a complete chaos and it will
not be a sustainable model for the
future so Walt instructs Jesse to take
action and in the next part we're going
to see what actually happens and how
Jesse does develop a reputation thanks
for watching and you can catch me on my
new decisions or on twitter at pressure
Walker